Kata Gurus and this is another teachings and Mahat, combination essence of Mahayoga, Anayoga, and
Adiyoga teachings as well.
And with this again, this teaching was debate by the great master Murabaya Masama.
When Murabaya Masama came to debate in the 8th century, one of his first teachings was
teachings on Adiyoga's, Adiyoga teaching, he gave these 9 select students, and says that this
teaching is then continuing, continuing until now, from the Kama lineage and the Tenma lineage is
continuing. And today's teaching is particularly Tenma lineage, is revered by very few moves,
we know Tsak, Tethu, known as Tsaksonoma, you all know. But I'm talking this according lineage,
again even though we already know, but we strengthen our joy, appreciation, and and our
devotions. For that reason, I'm talking, again that's lineage. So it's revered by great Tenma Tsak
sonoma.
Tsaksonoma, there were so many different Tenma teachings that related with Adiyoga,
and Anoyoga, and Adiyoga teachings, but among these, this is one of his famous Tenma teachings,
that he revered is from southern Tibet. Southern Tibet, now in that territory falls, I think in
Arunachaporti, it's the part of the Indian, it's called the Chauta where he revered. We have
this beautiful, and introduction story is that this, our beautiful book, we have known as the
Dark Red Amalekt, which is, I'm talking about the beautiful, adequate, detailed, and viable,
kind of precisely mention those things. So therefore you can read that, but however,
he revered this, there were teaching from that. And then as we did revere this teaching, and this
is continuing, and many greater Tenma masters also appreciated this teaching, particularly
Great Chancing. The folks in Chancing mentioned also this teaching is one of the world's best
because it's the union of the Yandai, Haruka, and Vedekalaya together, so this such teaching is
quite
rare among the Tenma teachings. That is what Thasong gave us. And as Thasong gave us,
this teaching is continued in our areas, particularly, and then I received this teaching,
one of the young, one of the leading great masters of this lineage, known as Lama Numa,
I received this teaching from these great teachers. And afterward, I received this teaching many
times,
from Venerable Kedki Pharnishar, many a time, this. And ever since of this, this practice
becomes one of the important practices of our family. Father used to do this practice all the
time, non-stop, since I remember him. Every day he do these practices, and Kedki, everybody does
that too, and I followed with their echoes and footsteps. I've been also practicing this. So this
is one of the important practices of the lineage, important practices of the teaching, and the
importance of the Thasong Numa, and that is, in a way, a brilliant history of these teachings.
The Tenma, as an empowerment, you basically again know that, but again, according to the lineage,
I imagine, have to say. And so then empowerment is very, very important, special importance of the
Vadiyana teachings, and Vadiyana teaching, and there's so many skillful means. Among that,
all skill means of teaching, empowerment is one of the very powerful things, because it's
directly introduced into the nature, where things are, and instantly removing the curtains of the
dualities in public areas. It gives an instant behold in the natures, and it's aspirating the
lineage blessings of love and compassion that continue from the Buddha, Shakyamuni, or the
Buddha, Samadabhadra, and all between now, and instant it's aspirating. So therefore, this
empowerment and lineage is so special. It's one of the very special teachings. And as in the Vadiy
ana
teaching, always an empowerment is asked to work, for example, Abhishekha, which means
pouring and despairing, pouring the lineage blessings, and blessings of love and compassion,
despairing the happy dependent and the dualities, and those are the great meanings. So that's what
it is. So therefore, this lineage is very authentic, beautiful. It is also essence teaching of the
Buddha Shakyamuni, essence teaching of the Nghurapayama and Samadabhadra, essence and important
practice
of Nghurapayama, what's the definition of that, and then continuing this. So that is the really
of the introductions of these teachings. Now, we begin the actually empowerment itself by the
principle of ceremony, and that begins with now again, as you already behold it, as you are already
in that status. But now, let's begin again one more kind of reigniting, kind of activating,
re-glorifying our realization where the beauty of the nature is. And now, I'm going to join.